Thankyou for purchasing this Arteria3d Quality Art Resource Pack.  Please mention us in your credits for use of the pack.

THis pack contains a large collection of models for use in your projects.

All are organised clearly.  For example we have the BUILDINGS folder, which then has subsections for the various building elements - cityblocks, farmarea, plus individual 
buildings.  Within those folders, you can see separate folders for the various engine formats, e.g. X, b3d, FBX.

All the textures for these models are store within the TEXURE folder.

Simply select which engine format you wish to use, e.g FBX, then copy that along with all the textures in the TEXTURE folder
into your game project.

For unity users, please use the FBX format, and on the FBX IMPORTER dialog in unity, tick the checkbox that says 'calculate normals'  Also set the scale to
0.1 for BUILDINGS.


In the prop pack you will see a folder that contains a collection of 4 Trees in a folder called TropPack. DOnt worry that they are not named as treeA, treeB etc,
 but you will see palm2, palm5, palm6, worn palm.  This is because these are a sampler from the popular Tropical Pack that we do.








With the Characters that are provided, there are multiple folders.  
TORQUE users use the DTS models from the TORQUE folder in each characters' folder.  DSQ files are provided for each character and each respective animation
Firstly we have Folders that contain just FBX and X versions within the folder named 'MULTI TRACK ANIMATIONS'  Some engines can use the X format, with multi track
animations, which means that the animatins names show up in the engine as tracks.  Unity can do this, and uses the provided FBX multitrack for this.
Within this multitrack folder, you can also see another folder named 'lower poly'.  This means that in that folder you will find lower poly versions of the characters
that are also multitracked for their animations.

You will also see the SINGLE TRACK animation folder - for use with engines that use one single track for animations and use start/stop times to trigger a particular 
animation.  Again, you will also see the 'LOWER POLY' versions for these single animation track characters.
A separate README is provided showing the start/stop times of provided animations.

You will see another folder saying TEXTURE - these are the textures for their characters.  
Simply select the model format you wish to use, then whether to use the SIngle or Mulitrack animation format, and finally whether you wish to use the original 
or LOWER POLY version of the charcter and copy these along with the texture into your game project


For Torque users, i have provided DTS scaled to correct TORQUE SCALING conventions, plus also the characters are scaled correctly, and have multiple DSQ files per character.

I hope you enjoy the pack

Steve, March 2011
